An AI Agent says it completed the task.
The report looks polished, the final message sounds confident, and every checklist item appears green.
But the file may be in the wrong folder, the refund may not exist in the database, or the research answer may contain claims that its sources do not support.
That gap is the central problem of AI Agent evaluation.
A completion message is only a claim.
Reliable acceptance asks whether the intended state actually exists, whether the work met clear quality boundaries, and whether the same Agent can succeed again instead of getting lucky once.
Anthropic's guidance on Agent evals makes one point especially useful: the flexibility that makes Agents valuable also makes them harder to test.
They act over many turns, call tools, change environments, and sometimes reach a good result through a path the evaluator did not predict.
So this video will build a practical acceptance method.
You will learn how to define a fair task, separate the transcript from the outcome, select code, model, and human graders, measure repeated trials, and check whether the evaluation itself is misleading you.
At the end, you will have an AI Agent Acceptance Sheet that turns “it feels done” into evidence you can review, repeat, and use for a release decision.